README.md, before:

# ffplay-cli
Use [ffplay](https://www.ffmpeg.org/ffplay.html) as a CLI tool.

## Build
Use [cmd/build-without-container](cmd/build-without-container.sh).

## Run
Use [cmd/run-without-container](cmd/run-without-container.sh.example).

## Build container image
Use [build](build).

## Run
Use [run](run.sh.example).

## Synopsis
### Play 1 audio file

```
./ffplay-cli -media mediaPath [-volume num] [-loop num] [-ss str] [-t str]
```

### Shuffle play multiple files
Shuffle play multiple audio files written in `index` file.

```
./ffplay-cli -index indexPath [-volume num] [-loop num] [-t str] [-substr pathstring] [-ext extPath]
```

An index file example is [here](https://github.com/frost-tb-voo/media-explorer). This file would be generated by media-explorer tool.

An ext file example is [here](https://github.com/frost-tb-voo/media-explorer/blob/master/fileanalysis/media-indexer.video.ext).

[options](./cmd/main.go)
```go
        volume := flag.Int("volume", 50, "volume")
        loop := flag.Int("loop", 1, "loop")
        ss := flag.String("ss", "00:00", "[HH:]MM:SS[.m...]")
        t := flag.String("t", "", "[HH:]MM:SS[.m...]")
        mediaPath := flag.String("media", "", "media path")
        indexPath := flag.String("index", "", "index path")
        substr := flag.String("substr", "", "substr for strings.Contains")
        extPath := flag.String("ext", "", "ext path")
```

## Useful links

- https://awesome-go.com/
- https://github.com/3d0c/gmf/blob/master/examples/video-to-image.go
- https://github.com/mviereck/x11docker/wiki/Container-sound:-ALSA-or-Pulseaudio

Commit message:

Modify to cancel the current play with Ctrl^D, and describe it in README.

README.md, after:

# ffplay-cli
Play only sound of sound or video files using [ffplay](https://www.ffmpeg.org/ffplay.html) as a CLI tool, without GUI.

## Build
Use [cmd/build-without-container](cmd/build-without-container.sh).

## Run
Use [cmd/run-without-container](cmd/run-without-container.sh.example).

- Interrupt process : Ctrl^C
- Play the next file : Ctrl^D

## Build container image
Use [build](build).

## Run
Use [run](run.sh.example).

## Synopsis
### Play 1 audio file

```
./ffplay-cli -media mediaPath [-volume num] [-loop num] [-ss str] [-t str]
```

### Shuffle play multiple files
Shuffle play multiple audio files written in `index` file.

```
./ffplay-cli -index indexPath [-volume num] [-loop num] [-t str] [-substr pathstring] [-ext extPath]
```

An index file example is [here](https://github.com/frost-tb-voo/media-explorer). This file would be generated by media-explorer tool.

An ext file example is [here](https://github.com/frost-tb-voo/media-explorer/blob/master/fileanalysis/media-indexer.video.ext).

[options](./cmd/main.go)
```go
        volume := flag.Int("volume", 50, "volume")
        loop := flag.Int("loop", 1, "loop")
        ss := flag.String("ss", "00:00", "[HH:]MM:SS[.m...]")
        t := flag.String("t", "", "[HH:]MM:SS[.m...]")
        mediaPath := flag.String("media", "", "media path")
        indexPath := flag.String("index", "", "index path")
        substr := flag.String("substr", "", "substr for strings.Contains")
        extPath := flag.String("ext", "", "ext path")
```

## Useful links

- https://awesome-go.com/
- https://github.com/3d0c/gmf/blob/master/examples/video-to-image.go
- https://github.com/mviereck/x11docker/wiki/Container-sound:-ALSA-or-Pulseaudio
